1.What is oops stands for?
     object oriented programming language.

2.What is Polymorphism? explain types?
     The ability of class to have different implementation of method.
     there are two types in polymorpism theyare
     1.compile time---->it excute during compile time.  methodoverloading allow us to have one method with same name.
     same method with differen arguments make compile ime error.

     2.run time-----> different class with same method is called methodoverriding.

3.what is interface and example in selenium,java?
     interface is  abstract type and behavoiur of class .
      it is unimplement method.
      It is blueprint of class.
      (by is abstract class).
   selenium :
         webdriver
   
4.what is abstarct class and example?
   abstract is partial implement and unimplement method.
    it is used for future purpose.
     changes in main method will change the abstract method and automatically itchange the abstract class.

5.Difference between multiple inheritance and multilevel inheritance
   1. mutiple inheritance have two base and one derived class .
      multipe inheritance are not spported by java.
   2. multilevel have two drived class and single base class. 
     ex:(grandparent ,parent o child)

6.Is multiple inheritance possible in java?
    no its not possible.

7.What is keyword for using inheritance  
         extends.

8.what is the keyword to connect interface and class
        implement.

9.what is difference between class and interface
class
   class can contain concerte (wit imlementation method).
    the access modifyer with public,private,protectd and defualt.
 interface
     it is unimplemented method
      it is used specifically public.    

10.what is difference between class and abstract class
class:
         class cannot contain abstract method
         class can be declared as final
         in class we cannot modify the abstract method.
 abstract method
         abstract method may or maynot contain abstract method
         abstract method cannot be declared as final
          abstract method can declared using abstract method
          